What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository it creates a .git hidden file in your directory which changes the directory into a repository. You need to do this so you can use git commands and ad commits etc. Without it, it's just a normal directory

How is the staging area different from the working directory and repository? What value do you think it offeres?

The staging area is there so you can create a bulk commit to the working directory. It saves time rather than commiting each file one by one.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can use git status to view a list of what is in the staging area. If you are wanting to make one commit per logical change you will make sure there is just one change in the staging area. You can git reset or git reset --hard to remove changes from the staging area

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

They would be helpful if you're wanting to try something that might not work. So if you get to the end of the branch and it doesnt work you can always go back in your history to whent he game worked and start again with something different

How do diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help as you can see where each branch turns off and what commits are attached to each branch. Seeing the master as always the trunk as such as the tree

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result is combining a seperate idea that has worked successfully into the master without risk of bugs. We represent it in the way of the diagram to show our process of how we got to where we are

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

The pros to automatic merging are you can work on a seperate idea without any risk of breaking anything. If the ideas a success you can easily merge it. The cons are the automatic merge will pick up conflicts but doesnt tell you exactly what they are.
